docs(runtime): document Ehcache 2 to 3 migration for version 11.0.0 (#3163)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/performance-tuning.adoc

[#app_cache]
=== Application cache

> Bonita Engine uses an application cache to store specific objects. Starting with Bonita {bonitaVersion}, the default implementation relies on Ehcache 3.11 (upgraded from Ehcache 2.x). Cache configuration is now programmatic in Java code, with property-based tuning available in these configuration files:

Reviewer: [![suggestion](https://img.shields.io/badge/suggestion-3B82F6)](https://pullpo.io/cc?l=suggestion) 
`{bonitaVersion}` will differ across all subsequent branches. I suggest using 2026.1 here.

```suggestion
Bonita Engine uses an application cache to store specific objects. Starting with Bonita 2026.1, the default implementation relies on Ehcache 3.11 (upgraded from Ehcache 2.x). Cache configuration is now programmatic in Java code, with property-based tuning available in these configuration files:
```

| `offHeapSizeMB`
| Size of off-heap memory in megabytes. Set to `0` to disable off-heap storage (default: `0`)

| `evictionPolicy`
| Policy for evicting elements when cache is full: `LRU` (Least Recently Used), `LFU` (Least Frequently Used), or `FIFO` (First In First Out)
|===

*Example configuration for the connector cache:*

[source,properties]
----
# Platform connector cache tuning
bonita.platform.cache.connector.maxElementsInMemory=100
bonita.platform.cache.connector.eternal=false
bonita.platform.cache.connector.timeToLiveSeconds=3600
bonita.platform.cache.connector.offHeapSizeMB=0
bonita.platform.cache.connector.evictionPolicy=LRU
----

NOTE: Off-heap caching (`offHeapSizeMB > 0`) can significantly improve performance for large-scale deployments by reducing garbage collection pressure, but requires careful memory management. Contact Bonitasoft Support for guidance on enabling off-heap caching.

*Deprecated properties (automatically removed during migration):*

The following Ehcache 2.x properties are no longer supported and should not be used:

* `inMemoryOnly`, `maxElementsOnDisk`
* `copyOnRead`, `copyOnWrite`

> These properties are automatically removed when upgrading to Bonita {bonitaVersion}.

Reviewer: [![suggestion](https://img.shields.io/badge/suggestion-3B82F6)](https://pullpo.io/cc?l=suggestion) 
Same suggestion here

```suggestion
These properties are automatically removed when upgrading to Bonita 2026.1.
```
